hey guys today I'm going to show you how
to update the sims 3 crack version so
first you can I need to install the sims
3 which I haven't yet i uninstalled it
just for a tutorial so you want to open
up this industry folder so I'm gonna
start right now so be sure to download
power iso or mounting program you might
have known that already if you need a
sims 3i so you can go to the video in
the description so now I'm gonna install
wait ok so just install it I'm from the
USA so sit okay now you're gonna need a
key so I'm gonna get mine online ok I'm
back I found a key it was on my desktop
uh-huh ok so this is the key you want to
copy it right here so
okay so you want to make sure you
exactly this exact same code but also
won't work click Next
now let the game install so after
install if you ask you for the EA
download manager do not install it yet
cuz i install later so because you're
gonna need to get the 1.8 crack so i'll
just skip this and and i'll resume when
the crack I mean like Sims great stuff
installing so hold on you guys I'm back
now this is nearly done installing so
yeah so make sure you buddy using the
same code as I did ok now after Sun
stalling you do not want install this it
wouldn't start later but not now because
you still need to crack it oh good next
finish ok now you want to deal with the
crack for default the latest version so
go to go on the internet i'll be using
firefox and now I'm google you want to
look up
we'll go Kingbird world so click the
first thing now you are go to game
vixens other s
scroll down anyone's let since three if
you can have an expansion us let that so
but this tutorials for a regular so to
select sims 3 and now you want to select
them no doubt this crack so you don't
want to throw the other ones there is a
1.9 but you ID do this one cuz this is
the one I use will click it under
sterile the first one
save it to your desktop
people closest
ok after its done stalling you want to
extract it
and you'll get three files now these two
are useless but you'll need this one so
just copy this cut and then go sim
screen and paste it
this move and replace it so I can close
it out and then open up sims 3
okay now right here you want to go to
game updates and click it okay
so then you will close it the sims 3 and
double-click this one love it now do
this for installed like any other
program it should be pretty quick all
right there goes to a couple seconds and
now you want open back sims 3 cuz we're
gonna update now
and they take a while so just be patient
okay so when this pop-up appears what
click ok and then this will come up so
just let this install and it'll be fine
don't worry about failing or anything
but if you have any questions just not
email me at shadow no mana at be you
know what nevermind so even just PM me
if you have a question if it doesn't
work or anything so this definitely
works cuz I did it before so I'm just
going to skip this because I don't want
you waiting like several minutes for
this so it's alright a two percent so
you know you can pause this at any time
but don't pause it or else it will
freeze in the middle of the installation
so don't do that so I'll see you later
hey guys I'm back I just had lunch so
let's get moving so right now actually
this will take about 20 minutes you know
what I really don't know how much time
has passed so ya know f ok it's a bap
done
okay so now the puppet would disappear
and then you'll get a setup wizard for
so it will install the update earlier I
was not installing earlier it's just
downloading it right here it's from 1.0
0 to 9 1 point 19.4 for so let this
install don't worry there's no errors it
works
as you can see it's updated successfully
so you might be going like yeah i got to
1.9 I'm like that yeah so yeah now right
here just a new game on shirt you can
see like it says like what you have
right now I have this the regular sims 3
and its version 1.9 teen so that's great
and my game is up to date so i'll show
you what looks like